meanwhile Pro Palestinian demonstrators
have staged a protest outside Chicago's
United Center on the last night of the
Democratic National Convention
demonstrators including some party
delegates call for a pro Palestinian
representative to be allowed to address
the convention they say convention
organizers rejected their earlier
request the demonstrators have been
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza and for
an arms embargo on
[Music]
Israel DW reporter Stefan Simons is at
the demonstrations outside of the
convention cter in Chicago stepan
welcome tell us more about the demands
of the
protesters well the demand is that the
US will immediately stop supporting
Israel in its war effort in Gaza meaning
no more ammunition more more uh guns
deliveries money uh for the IDF the
Israeli Defense Forces and for Israel in
that sense however those protesters here
they feel not hurt by the Democratic
National Convention
and it's just about a half a mile away
from here they still feel that there are
worlds between what they stand for what
they want and what's actually happened
in the United Center where the
Democratic National Convention is
happening however this last uh protest
here is um the grand finale for the
protesters for the organizations here
250 plus organizations combined in one
Coalition they of course not all here
but they're hoping for a uh massive show
of people yesterday there was a protest
the day before there was one and on the
first day of the convention was one it
was all about let's say from a th000
2,000 people uh now they want to go to 5
to 10,000 people is this going to happen
we will see Stephan we know that over
the past four days Democrats have been
trying to send out a message of unity
they've been trying to show that there
is incredible support for kamla Harris
how dangerous could this descent in in
the party the issue of Israel how
dangerous could it be in the coming
months of this
campaign well the Israel Gaza war is a
big issue it's it's a foreign policy
issue yes and this convention here is
focusing on domestic issues predom
predominantly but it is a problem for
the Biden Administration who is working
at that is working on on a ceasefire it
is therefore a problem for Cala Harris
it is a problem because those people
here even if it's just a few thousand
represent a much larger group of people
who are not inclined to vote for Joe
Biden then and Camala Harris now why
because they think and they say uh the
Harris campaign is not taking them
serious at all and doesn't hear them so
CA Harris and the campaign has to prove
that they're actually hurt number one
number two the problem is that as long
as substantially nothing happens in the
view of those people they will not make
their check mark on the ballot pole for
Camala Harris and that can be a problem
because everybody every expert every
pollster tells you it's going to be a
nailbiter at the polls in November it's
about a few th000 maybe 100,000 votes
maybe less even who can decide which can
decide this race those people are going
to be critical for that Stefan Simons
covering those protests outside the
Democratic National Convention in
Chicago thank you
[Music]
inform